README.md, before:

# Théophile de Cagny's Web Curriculum Vitae

Welcome ! This CV is a fully operational website hosted on *TODO*.

Its main functionalities:

- A CV, no surprise there. You can use your browser's print function to export it to PDF.
- When printing to PDF, the different dynamic elements are hidden (button to switch language etc.) *TODO*
- Change the language (EN / FR)
- Switch to *No Discrimination* mode : blurs every information that could let one determine my identity (picture, name, github, linkedin, email etc.)
- Switch between targeted job offers: Architect, Developer *TODO*
- Switch between sectors to adapt the content and layout: Normal, Positive Impact *TODO*

To start the project in the development mode (hot-reload activated)
### `yarn start`

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

Commit message:

nearly perfect for EN & FR, just a detail with icon alignment to handle on firefox

README.md, after:

# Théophile de Cagny's Web Curriculum Vitae

Welcome ! This CV is a fully operational website hosted on *TODO*.

Keep in mind that the export to PDF functionality doesn't handle gradiants properly on Chrome. Prefer Firefox instead for exporting to PDF.

Its main functionalities:

- A CV, no surprise there. You can use your browser's print function to export it to PDF.
- When printing to PDF, the different dynamic elements are hidden (button to switch language etc.) *TODO*
- Change the language (EN / FR)
- Switch to *No Discrimination* mode : blurs every information that could let one determine my identity (picture, name, github, linkedin, email etc.)
- Switch between targeted job offers: Architect, Developer *TODO*
- Switch between sectors to adapt the content and layout: Normal, Positive Impact *TODO*

To start the project in the development mode (hot-reload activated)
### `yarn start`

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.
